Update pseudopeople docs to include phonetic noise (#209)
ihmeuw/pseudopeople: docs/source/noise/column_noise.rst

      **given that the cell is being considered for this noise type**.
      One way to think about this is the probability of an OCR error on any given corruption-eligible token when a string is being read inaccurately.
    - 0.1 (10%)

Make phonetic errors
--------------------
A phonetic error occurs when a character is misheard. For instance, this could happen with similar sounding letters when spoken (like ‘t’ and ‘d’) or letters that make the same sounds within a word (like ‘o’ and ‘ou’). 

pseudopeople defines the possible phonetic substitutions using `this file <https://github.com/ihmeuw/pseudopeople/blob/develop/src/pseudopeople/data/phonetic_variations.csv>`_, which was produced by the `GeCO project <https://dl.acm.org/doi/10.1145/2505515.2508207>`_.

This noise type is called :code:`make_phonetic_errors` in the configuration. It takes two parameters:

.. list-table:: Parameters to the make_phonetic_errors noise type
  :widths: 1 5 1
  :header-rows: 1

  * - Parameter
    - Description
    - Default
  * - :code:`cell_probability`
    - The probability of a cell being *considered* to have this noise type.

>       One way to think about this is the probability that a string is misheard by a human reader.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      One way to think about this is the probability that a string is transcribed by an error-prone program or human transcriber.
```

This is just an idea -- the "misheard" you have suggested here makes it sounds like there *are* errors, when really what we mean is that there *could* be.

      Whether or not there are actually any errors depends on the next parameter.
    - 0.01 (1%)
  * - :code:`token_probability`
    - The probability of each corruption-eligible token being misheard
      **given that the cell is being considered for this noise type**.

>       One way to think about this is the probability of a phonetic error on any given corruption-eligible token when a string is being read inaccurately.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      One way to think about this is the probability of a phonetic error on any given corruption-eligible token when the transcriber is error-prone.
```
